FMWK-691 Update documentation (#866)
aerospike/spring-data-aerospike: src/main/asciidoc/reference/query-methods-preface.adoc

The format of method names is fairly flexible, comprising a verb and criteria.

Some of the verbs include `find`, `query`, `read`, `get`, `count` and `delete`.
For example, queries might look like `findByFirstName`, `countByLastName` etc.

For more details, refer to basic Spring Data documentation:
link:https://docs.spring.io/spring-data/rest/reference/data-commons/repositories/query-methods-details.html[Defining Query Methods].

== Using Secondary Index

Repository queries in Spring Data Aerospike can be divided into 3 groups:

> * Queries that utilize secondary index (if it is created)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Queries that utilize secondary index (if one is available)
```
